# Architectural Design Reflection

## Feedback and decisions
During our review, we learned that the best machine learning algorithm would most likely be  linear regression as it would predict trends in the data. Furthermore, it would take numerical data into the algorithm, so we would be able to implement the product price history and sentiment analysis in order to determine the lowest price in the year. With this data, the predictor would be able to inform the user of when the best time would be to purchase their product.

As we discussed our project, we realized that our final predictor will be less accurate than we once thought, mainly because there are many factors that go into Amazon pricing (including the customer’s location). We learned a lot about factors that would make the project more difficult, but that would be good reach goals.

The feedback centered around how similar our goal was to predicting stocks or flights which would provide more available data that would not require us to pay or to scrape only three items a day. This feedback generated questions such as should we pursue flights or stock predictors, should our code be adaptable to these products, can we make our code adaptable, is it worth starting over after scraping our current data?

Moving forward, we will definitely implement the linear regression machine learning algorithm, (unless we determine a reason why it would not work) and as a large stretch goal will make our code general enough so that other products can be implemented. As other stretch goals, we will incorporate different factors that affect pricing of product.


## Review process reflection
We did get answers to our key questions about which machine learning algorithm we should use and how we should avoid being blocked out by using VPNs. We came into the presentation ready to give a powerpoint discussing the our project and our questions, however we could not connect to the projector, this threw us off agenda slightly. Luckily, we had handouts of the powerpoint so this was not a major problem. Once we started to give our powerpoint, we did not stick very closely to our planned agenda after the first few minutes, because we were having a very useful discussion and decided it would be better to let the discussion continue than to go back to our original agenda plan. It was brought to our attention that machine learning might not be the most effective algorithm to use at all. Just finding recurring peaks and minimums might be sufficient for our needs. However, because we want to be able to pinpoint exact time when to buy an item,  we found linear regression to be the most applicable algorithm. We also learned about some of the many other interesting ways our project could go and some of the things we could do with making it applicable to stocks or certain specific types of products. These are things we will consider more as we develop the rest of our project plan.

Next time, we could come in with a better idea of exactly what we need help with. It may have been useful to have made some more progress and have actually tried to implement some machine learning algorithms before the review. If we had done this, then we might have had a better idea of the roadblocks we were going to run into and could have used the expertise at the technical review even more to our advantage.
